feat: migration v2 (#150)
RootstockCollective/collective-rewards-sc: README.md

1. Open `coverage/index.html`

#### Fork Tests: migration v2 -> v3

> V2 contract hit the maximum contract size, and a split between `BackerManager` and `BuilderRegistry` was necessary to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
V1 BackersManager contract hit the maximum contract size, and a split between `BackerManager` and `BuilderRegistry` was necessary to
```

allow adding new features. Fork tests are run against a snapshot of the RSK Testnet/Mainnet at a specific block. These
tests ensure that v2 contract deployments behave as expected once deployed on the RSK blockchain and interact correctly
with existing live components.

Flows covered:

- `BackerManager` Upgrade is successful
- `BuilderRegistry` Deploy & migration is successful
- `Gauges` Upgrade is successful

> **IMPORTANT**: If the tests require interactions with newly deployed components on the live network after the fork was

Reviewer: I didn't get it

Author: The fork rpc url points to a specific mainnet block. to get the latest state mainnet if needed, we need to generate a new rpc url in tenderly

Author: I moved the file to the suggested folder and forgot to delete in here. done now
